Hello, Phop.
I'm sorry for being late.
It's okay.
I figured that you'd come.
Are you okay?
Well,
my eyes are stinging.
The sun's really bright today.
Then try this.
Cut! Cut! Cut!
Tan.
Can we do it again? You were
holding the product wrong.
But it's been 16 takes already.
The client's quite serious. Please?
I'll show you.
Look here.
Just look first.
Dao,
please use this.
It's still missing...
Tan!
- Rich kid.
- Tan.
Be nice. This is Porsche.
He's my movie's biggest sponsor.
Sorry for all of the takes.
I think the way you're
holding the product,
it's not charming.
So what should I do to please you...
Porsche?
Tan.
Please be polite.
It's okay, Director.
I've met
this guy lots of time before.
He's always running his mouth,
but I don't mind.
- Hey, you.
- Okay, okay.
I'll let him do another take.
Well,
I think...
The first take was perfect!
The first take?
Yes, it was the best.
As for the rest, I'll let you handle
what's needed during editing.
Thank you, everyone.
Thank you. Thanks, Tan.
Sixteen takes?
That's right.
Come on. It's your first gig.
Don't get discouraged.
It's your first movie and you're
working with a famous director.
There's even a sponsor.
You're future is going
to be so bright.
Just take whatever you can for now.
Apart from signing me up for a movie
without asking,
you also sign me up
for whatever product is out there.
You must be crazy.
It's not just "whatever product."
Come on. You're only under contract
for the shoot.
Besides, that...
Porsche pays really well.
Isn't that good?
You'll be earning tons.
Is money that important?
Correct.
Very important.
Are you smiling?
You're always so pessimistic.
I'm just being realistic.
"I'm just being realistic."
(Profit and loss statement:
-476,000.80)
- Rin.
- Yes?
The pattern is done. Would you
like to have a look right now?
(Profit and loss statement:
-476,000.80)
- It needs to be draped again here.
- Alright.
- Sew on the buttons too.
- Okay.
- Rin.
- Yes?
Didn't the doctor say that
you needed to rest?
That's true.
You just got out of the hospital.
You should be resting.
I've been away for two days.
I have to work harder.
Otherwise, we won't make it in time
for the auction.
Don't worry.
It won't be a problem if you rest
for a few more days.
I can handle everything here.
Okay. I trust you, Da.
And everyone else as well.
By the way, how is Tanthai's
outfit coming along?
I've created the pattern.
Are you going to sew it yourself?
Yes, I'll do it.
Rin?
Let's get married.
Are you in a bad mood?
You're exhausted, aren't you?
You just got out of the hospital.
Why aren't you resting?
I went to take over
a resort in Samui.
Do you want to go there?
Don't you have to work?
Taking over a resort is also work.
Go, then.
So I'll book you a ticket?
Have a good trip.
I've got piles of work to do.
Aren't you coming with me?
No, I'm not.
Then let's go out for a meal.
- I've eaten already.
- Dessert?
- What about...
- Porsche.
- Rin, I...
You should go home for now.
Alright.
Here.
Rin, Mai has arrived.
Okay.
Well, then. Please take
a look at this one again.
- I will.
- Okay.
I'm sorry to keep you waiting, Mai.
- It's okay. I can wait.
- Okay.
Tanthai didn't come today?
He's unavailable so I came alone.
But don't worry.
I have power of attorney.
Sure.
This is the contract I sent
for you to look over.
You can let me know
if there are any problems.
I won't wear
Rarin's clothing anymore.
I don't want you going near
her anymore.
Her life is chaotic enough as it is.
It's gotten more chaotic
since she met you.
She's already exhausted.
I hope you understand.
Tan,
you're here.
I've been looking
for you for a while now.
You wouldn't answer any of my calls.
I'd like to talk to you about
the outfit for the auction gala.
Tan?
Tan!
What's wrong?
Why are you avoiding me?
It's nothing.
How is that nothing?
It's so obvious.
Tell me. What's wrong?
I don't want to be
your mannequin anymore.
I won't wear
your clothes ever again.
Stop interfering in my life.
- Tanthai, you're on in ten.
- Okay.
Don't do this again.
Hello, Aek.
Thank you very much, Phop.
You're all wet.
It's okay. I'd get wet anyway.
I have to go now.
Thank you again.
I'll see you later.
Smile.
You're in love. Smile.
Smile! Hey!
Why aren't you smiling? Cut!
Scene 72, cut 1, take 3. Tail slate!
Excuse me.
You have to smile.
You're falling in love with him.
You supposed to feel good
because he's worried about you.
Why? Why are you so spaced out?
Didn't you read the script?
Hey! Stop the rain!
Stop now! Tan, get out of the way!
It's not your cue yet.
Pay attention!
You were great just now.
- Really?
- Yes.
Where's Primrose?
I don't know. The bathroom, maybe?
You should go and get changed.
So you can hurry up
and finish shooting.
There's a fitting with Rarin
tomorrow morning.
What fitting?
For the Thai Textile gala.
Mai,
I told you I'm not going
to wear Rarin's clothes anymore.
You have to.
I signed you up to be
the muse for Rarin.
Hey!
What did you say?
I signed the contract for you to be
the muse for Rarin. Is that clear?
Aren't you going to ask me first?
Well,
it will be good to be Rarin's muse.
The pay is great too. How can you
let this opportunity pass you by?
- But I...
- No buts!
Considering your past scandals,
other than this muse gig,
no one wants
to work with you anymore.
I'm sorry
for signing the contract
without telling you.
But I did it for you
and Rung.
For Rung?
For Rung? For Rung? For Rung?
Why do you keep
using her as an excuse?
If you want the money, just tell me.
Mai, why do have to use
Rung as your excuse?
Isn't that a little too harsh, Tan?
- You don't understand at all?
- I don't.
And I don't want to.
You're selfish, do you know that?
You've gone too far.
Don't say that
I've done all of this for myself.
If you're really doing it for me,
then have you ever even thought
about my feelings?
What about me being stuck
taking care of you and Rung?
And cleaning up after
what you've done?
Have you ever thought
about my feelings?
I don't know.
Tear up that contract.
Stop being so stupid.
We need money.
We've got enough problems already!
We have so many responsibilities!
- If we don't have money, Rung...
- Mai!
Don't forget to come
to the fitting tomorrow.
It's almost event day.
Do you really want to change me?
Or are you just doing it
for the reputation of your brand?
If you're going to help build
my brand's reputation,
then I have to transform
a scarecrow into a prince first.
A scarecrow?
Hey.
Are you really upset?
I'm kidding.
In the end,
everyone's just doing it
for business reasons, right?
To be fair,
on the one hand,
I have to do it for the business.
But on the other hand,
I really am doing this for you.
Because I know you're not like
what people say you are.
Don't you want to
do it for yourself?
Are you sure
that the voice you hear
is actually my voice?
I'm an actor.
The voice you hear
might just be me impersonating
someone else.
You're not with me all the time.
You don't really know me.
Tan.
You want to change me, right?
What if I do this?
Do you think I'm still
your stupid prince?
I'm disappointed.
Yesterday,
he talked to me.
He said he wanted a gold limousine.
I want to know if it's your idea.
It's not mine. Maybe it's his idea.
Let's continue
this conversation later.
- Okay, Dad.
- Junior.
Are you staying here tonight?
Don't act all innocent, Dad.
You always confiscate my stuff
when you want my attention.
And now the condo.
Calm down. Sit down and talk.
I won't.
Do you know that your sister
is going to get married before you?
You're not young anymore.
I think it's time.
This again?
You said you'd let me
follow my heart.
Who is it this time?
My friend, Charn.
He's in negotiations
to buy fifty-one percent
of BJ Group's shares.
He's my rival.
If we don't tie our family with his,
there's going to be
problems in the future.
So I made an appointment with
his daughter, Cindy.
So you can meet her.
- You remember Cindy?
- I don't.
And I don't care.
Before that, it was Makino.
And someone else before her.
If you think this one's nice,
you can marry her.
Porsche.
I told you
that true love
comes with a price.
You only think about business.
We agreed that you wouldn't
get involved in this.
I'm going to marry
whomever I want to.
I'm not going to marry
someone you arrange for me.
- Praew.
- Yes?
Tell your brother.
How is it
with the person I chose for you?
Yes, Dad.
But I'm lucky
that I get along with Mark.
But Cindy and Porsche
haven't even met yet.
I think it's too soon.
You've got a point.
A matter like this,
just let them get married.
They'll fall in love eventually.
Don't say that. I don't want
to listen. That's your generation.
This is my day and age.
Just stay out of it.
And stop drinking so much!
Really!
Oh?
Hold on, stand up straight.
Don't hunch. Straighten up.
Is it okay?
Yes.
- Is it comfortable?
- It's fine.
Tan.
Can you behave?
I'm standing still
just like a mannequin does.
Just do whatever you need.
Everyone, can you
go outside for a little while?
Okay.
You said you're a mannequin
but where's your brain?
Do I need it for a fitting?
What's wrong with you?
You're acting like a child.
Be professional!
Be professional?
Do I have to spin around
and show you as well?
Do you know
how much time I spent making this?
The outfit you're wearing.
Do you think I just picked
the fabric and made it?
I've spent days researching
which outfits would best suit you.
My team has
spent hundreds of hours
to create the best possible
piece of work.
There are dozens of people
who are working tirelessly
just to do what they love.
And me, a designer,
I respect everyone
who wears my clothes.
I've had enough.
Maybe it's my misunderstanding
that you're the prince.
Actually, no.
That you could become
a better person.
You look good in this outfit.
I made the right decision.
What's that?
Each outfit
can't be perfect on its own.
It's the person who wears it
that makes it perfect.
Just like this outfit and you.
Awesome!
Well done.
This year's award for
best actor goes to
Mr. Tanthai.
You're such a good actor.
Rin will probably
start hating you now.
What should I reward you with?
Should I give you a raise to
five million baht?
If it's about money,
please discuss it with my manager.
I did.
But she refused.
Initially proposed ten million
for you to be the presenter
and to do the company's
CSR activities for an entire year.
But she said we should part ways
after this movie.
She refused ten million.
What a joke.
Apart from signing me up for a movie
without asking,
you also sign me up
for whatever product is out there.
You must be crazy.
It's not just "whatever product."
Come on. You're only under contract
for the shoot.
- You don't understand at all?
- I don't.
And I don't want to.
You're selfish, do you know that?
You've gone too far.
Don't say that
I've done all of this for myself.
There are dozens of people
who are working tirelessly
just to do what they love.
And me, a designer,
I respect everyone
who wears my clothes.
I'm so silly.
I have to thank you.
My eyes have finally opened.
From now, I should be nicer
to show my gratitude towards
the people who are nice to me.
That's good.
But...
What can someone like you do?
You told me to stay away from Rin.
I don't think I can do that anymore.
Excuse me.
How's it going? Da? Jib?
Is everything okay?
A lot of people are interested.
That's good. Then please help me
take care of them.
You can trust us. Don't worry.
- Jib, I'm going inside.
- Okay.
Hello, Rin.
- Hello.
- Your work is impressive.
Thank you. I've seen yours too.
They're all very beautiful.
It's unbelievable that you've been
able to bring Tan this far.
Even though
his reputation is quite...
People usually judge me
based on only what they've heard.
I hope you're not one of them.
I’m just letting you know.
I've been in the business
for a while now.
I've seen lots of celebrities come
and go because of their mouths.
Another thing,
the value of the outfits
in today's event
depends on
the appropriateness
and the satisfaction of the bidder.
I just want you to be careful.
A beautiful outfit like this
might not get sold
because of its lame hanger.
It's great being a lame hanger.
That way, people will
focus on the outfit.
Kan, I'd like to interview you
about your outfit.
Of course.
I have to excuse myself now.
- Mai.
- What?
Can I have a word?
Sure.
Mai.
Well, I...
I'm sorry.
I'm probably selfish like you said.
I'm sorry
for accepting a job without
discussing it with you first.
I'll ask you next time.
It's not that.
You've got to do your job.
But thanks.
I want to apologize to you
for being too harsh.
- And...
- Hold on.
Are my ears playing tricks on me?
You? You're apologizing to me?
Don't tease me!
I won't. Go on.
Well...
I was being difficult.
I didn't realize that the people
around me are trying to help,
including you.
I can't promise
that I'll behave better next time.
But I'm going to try.
I'm going to cry.
I never dreamed that this day
would come, brother!
Why are you teasing me?
I'm not talking to you anymore.
Let me hear it again.
What did you just say?
Now, it's time for the outfit that
everyone's been waiting to see.
A design from Kritsana,
an artisan fashion brand
of Thailand.
From the hands of the creative
director, Kan Kritsana.
An iconic silhouette
that evolved from
highly-respected Thai textiles
combined with a classical
and contemporary touch.
The bidding for this outfit
will start at 100,000 baht.
If you're ready, let's get started.
Number 21, 100,000 baht.
Number 19, 120,000 baht.
Number 16, 140,000 baht.
Number 22, 160,000 baht.
Number 45, 180,000 baht.
Entertaining as always.
Number 19, 240,000 baht.
Number 49, 260,000 baht.
Number 5, 280,000 baht.
Is there anyone
who'd like to go higher?
An artisan outfit from Kritsana.
280,000 baht going once!
280,000 baht going twice!
Number 7, 300,000 baht.
300,000 baht going once!
300,000 baht going twice!
300,000 baht going thrice!
Sold! Number 7 has won
this outfit from Kritsana.
The next outfit is from
an upcoming designer.
It's from Rarin.
Pha Khao Ma is a wonderfully
and carefully woven fabric.
Passed on from
generation to generation.
It is worthy of respect.
This outfit from Rarin is also
starting at 100,000 baht.
If you're ready, let's get started.
Number 15, 100,000 baht.
Number 22, 120,000 baht.
Would anyone like to go higher?
A very beautiful
Pha Khao Ma outfit from Rarin.
It's for charity.
Would anyone like to chip in?
Alright. 120,000 baht going once!
120,000 baht going twice!
- 120,000 baht going...
- One million.
One million.
One million going once!
One million going twice!
One million going thrice!
He's our winner.
The outfit from Rarin has sold
for one million baht.
There are still other outfits from
different brands to auction off.
Let's have a look at the next one.
Rin?
You can go now, Da, Jib.
Goodbye.
I'm sorry I didn't make it in time.
The traffic was bad.
- How's the event?
- Why did you bid on my outfit?
Me?
I didn't.
How much did it sell for?
- One hundred thousand.
- One million! I paid for it...
Why did you do that?
I just wanted to help.
You should be happy.
You got the highest bid.
How can I be happy?
It's a worthless success.
I got it but I didn't deserve it.
It's because we know each other.
That's all.
Easy, Rin. You deserved it.
- I...
- Prove it.
Do you dare to prove it?
That you paid one million
because you value my outfit.
And not me.
As for the outfit,
you can take it if you want.
But I'll pay the one million baht.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to insult you.
Then I'll...
I should excuse myself.
You're rich now.
You've earned one million baht.
Tan,
this is a charity event.
Oh?
Really?
Are you okay with that?
You're capable of feeling concern
for other people?
I'm sorry about the other day.
I was being silly.
What are you playing at?
You're talking to me nicely
only because you see that I'm sad.
Well, you remind me of someone.
Someone who used to make me
a better person than this.
Thank you for reminding me.
Sure.
Should I forgive you?
But you're an actor.
So?
How can I know
that your apology is sincere?
Are you joking?
I really am apologizing to you.
I'll eat cat poop to prove it.
Alright.
I forgive you.
Really?
Thank you.
But get down on your knees.
Huh?
Come on. Get down on your knees.
Are you crazy? Right here?
I don't want to.
This suit will get dirty too.
If the suit gets dirty,
I can wash it.
But I can't wash away
the pain in my heart.
Tan?
Tan, are you for real?
Well, I...
My shoelace came undone.
Jerk.
Your shoes don't have shoelaces.
Actually,
your outfit today was beautiful.
It's worth the bid price.
What do you mean?
The one that was auctioned.
Tan, there's no need to flatter me
or try to cheer me up.
I wasn't flattering you.
I believe that when we put our minds
into doing something,
the effort is priceless.
You're being strange today.
How strange?
Well,
you're acting
like a prince that I'm fond of.
You're here. The reporters
want to interview you.
Over there.
It's over there.
So now you're officially
the muse of Rarin?
That's right.
Even though I'm new
to the fashion world,
it's opened up my eyes to so many
new possibilities.
I now know
what it means to be a muse.
How do you feel about the name
"Prince" that Rarin gave you?
I was quite
self-centered previously.
If you ask me
if I've become the prince,
I might not be there today,
but I can better the best version
of Tanthai.
That's very lovely.
Today I'd like to
take a photo of you.
Okay.
This camera, please.
- Hello?
- Where are you?
Why didn't you answer my calls?
I'm at the studio.
Rin, what happened?
I'm fine.
It's just a flat tire.
It's not a big deal.
It is!
I'll take that off for you.
Rin, listen to me.
You're in danger. Do you know that?
Rin! Get out of there!